Hello and welcome. I'm Dr. Maureen Doyle and I will be your instructor for CY 61 Cybersecurity Fundamentals. And I'm really excited to have this opportunity to introduce you to the exciting field of cybersecurity. Cybersecurity is of critical importance to business and national security. It's also just an interesting field to learn about some of the things in cybersecurity constantly change. It's a field where you're going to have to keep learning and be comfortable with continuing to learn. However, there are fundamental concepts and principles that will be introducing you to this course that applies all the time. You learn about threat actors, what they are from script kitties like your neighbor's child, to nation states with tremendous resources to hack into your systems. In our government systems, we'll look at how the different adversaries approach is vary in how you attack your systems, depending on who they are. Then we'll look at based on how they approach attacks, how we can defend against them. Defense is a multifaceted entity. We want to be able to prevent them ideally, but realistically, no security system is perfect. Therefore, we also need to have strong detection capability where we can detect attacks that get past their defenses. Of course, detection doesn't do much good unless you've got a response and recovery system for handling it. We're going to look at security policies, risk management, the fundamentals of cryptography, identity and access management, and many other important topics. And security, there's a lot to cover in this course and it's a very broad coverage in intro to Cybersecurity. And we're going to be using the security Study Guide as our textbook for the course. In the seven weeks, we won't be able to cover the entire textbook. However, we'll let you know for skipping chapters and we'll point you to other classes in our program that will cover the topics in greater detail. Well, I hope you're as excited as I am to start this learning experience and work together. I look forward to working with you in our virtual classroom. Welcome. 